Launching lib/main.dart on sdk gphone64 arm64 in debug mode...
Running Gradle task 'assembleDebug'...
Warning: Flutter support for your project's Android Gradle Plugin version (Android Gradle Plugin version 8.2.2) will soon be dropped. Please upgrade your Android Gradle Plugin version to a version of at least Android Gradle Plugin version 8.3.0 soon.
Alternatively, use the flag "--android-skip-build-dependency-validation" to bypass this check.

Potential fix: Your project's AGP version is typically defined in the plugins block of the `settings.gradle` file (/Users/Erlan/Desktop/app-flutter-online-course/android/settings.gradle), by a plugin with the id of com.android.application. 
If you don't see a plugins block, your project was likely created with an older template version. In this case it is most likely defined in the top-level build.gradle file (/Users/Erlan/Desktop/app-flutter-online-course/android/build.gradle) by the following line in the dependencies block of the buildscript: "classpath 'com.android.tools.build:gradle:<version>'".


FAILURE: Build failed with an exception.

* What went wrong:
Execution failed for task ':app:compileDebugKotlin'.
> Inconsistent JVM-target compatibility detected for tasks 'compileDebugJavaWithJavac' (1.8) and 'compileDebugKotlin' (21).

  Consider using JVM Toolchain: https://kotl.in/gradle/jvm/toolchain
  Learn more about JVM-target validation: https://kotl.in/gradle/jvm/target-validation 

* Try:
> Run with --stacktrace option to get the stack trace.
> Run with --info or --debug option to get more log output.
> Run with --scan to get full insights.
> Get more help at https://help.gradle.org.

BUILD FAILED in 1m 28s
Error: Gradle task assembleDebug failed with exit code 1
